[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
morning I'll promise that my life begins
where you
end I don't want false expectations or to
live inside a lie Yours mine
is true despite what you
say I'll remember that I walk through that
plaza that with shame we couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment came and I took your hand
as we continued walking For the 12
remained silent In The big
City City City City
City that I want To visit the star in
the sky If by my side I have the most beautiful
in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand what I'm
telling you My heart will feel
how it smiles inside
[Music]
I'll tell you to pinch me every day When I
wake up that if I argue it's to get to
know you more there's no fog that can
darken this
[Music]
love I don't
know what we'll go through For moments that we can't
imagine
The pain will be so strong that
we'll think about
leaving But this feeling of ours will
put in check The
wounds that fall on our soul Breathe me
please because this life is
slipping away from us I want to see it
shine forever  I wanna see the
star shine in the sky If I have the
most beautiful girl in the
sky by my side I don't know if you'll understand me And what I'm
telling you You have to feel the
way your heart smiles
Inside What I want, what I want
Dear If I have the sky by my side I do
n't know if you'll understand me It's a
fact that I tell you to you You have to
feel the
way your heart smiles with me
[Music]
What I thought That loving no longer
existed That kisses are given away on
any
corner I who thought That loving
was just a game But I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you next to me Not to invest my life Or to
excite you And I will
win the game The time that was
[Music]
lost I ask you Every day that you be my
guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you I
[Music]
If the world separates I'll stay
with you If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay
with you If you want me to stay I'll
stay
with you What do things matter to me And
when I smile I turn around  today
I'm
with you with you to
invest my life in
exciting you and
[Music]
I will win the game the time that was
lost I ask you Every day that you are my
guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path
and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
I [
Music]
forward to invest my life in
exciting you and I
[Music]
the game the time that was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
in front of me
Javi confesses that when you were little you
kicked a cat once but no I'm not
much I'm not much into cats if they
're puppies if I kick them I'll
ship them fast wherever But well
because it weighs
little I like to kick them more
ladies I get up by the maita I go I
go for a couple of old ladies along the
way Well I saw that I kick you don't Ah
well you that no of course
my mother this anarchy has some
kind of but now without without any intention of I mean  I don't mean to
offend you I promise I
don't mean to offend you he has a
problem he has a little problem I mean but I'm not saying this as
an insult to the boy or anything like that I mean but he
has a little problem or
what yes no I mean
we're abusing a
disabled person no it's probably not this
guy he's not hot anyway Listen to this and he
thinks it's
real Javi and he edits it with a montage here he
searched on Google for a picture of
some grandparents and he took a frame of
mine confess that when you were little
you kicked a cat one but no I'm not
much I'm not much into cats if
they're puppies if I kick it I'll
ship it quickly wherever But well
because it weighs little but I like kicking it more
ladies I get up in the morning I go I
go for it a couple of trips down the
road boom travel that I
kick this man I think he's not I
think he's not very hot I think I think that
objectively he's a
person who's not well
no that was very good he says no no but it's
that  the guy doesn't understand irony, he doesn't
understand sarcasm or anything like that
he thinks he's like that
Javi lately there aren't many that are
good it's also true it's also
true all of us who are here on the
internet are exhausted right Olga
we are exhausted Well what's going on How have you
spent the day what are you telling each other what are you
telling each other the truth is I have to tell you
something I've been at the
gym I was finishing the
interview this weekend on the
podcast with
[Music]
with on the podcast with
Fran
[Music]
Mm what else What else what else do I have
to warn you on WhatsApp now Lili will put it
says dolores Javi but yes old
we are ugly it's true dolores old people are
the rags people are older
right Javi You didn't warn you Well it's also
true I didn't warn you but I didn't warn you on
WhatsApp or anything And on top of that I came earlier
eh Who are you bringing this week Javi well
marii marii well I'm not going to say it
yet because it's still Tuesday I mean I'll say it on Thursday or maybe I
won't say it on Thursday or  over
there because I love the three that
you have man we
have four I don't have four we have
em Iker
Jimnez Vito
kiles the one from
desocupa Roberto
vaquero and I have there in the rearguard I mean the one
from this weekend is a singer
okay the one from this weekend is a
singer and I have in the
rearguard a politician and an influencer
who is an activist eh
the politician more or less yes it is more or
less confirmed okay but yes it is
true that I would like I would
like to bring some bombshell
that is a youtuber or something like that you know that has
nothing to do with politics Chari
a kiss queen how are you
a kiss gorgeous let's see if we can
give a pret to the members No not today let's
see what push we could give to
800 members
eh But well I am very happy with
you because wow yesterday the
objective how it was
met what a push what a push to the
superchat that you gave
yesterday this is a success for the moment I
really liked the guests it is
that I would like to bring some
youtuber like el shock like Jordi
type any like that you know any powerful some
powerful but not only in
number but powerful when speaking powerful in
that he gets wet and so on okay And the chocas I
was inviting him I wrote to him
but he hasn't answered me I think it's that he does
n't like me we didn't have a
relationship 3 years ago and and I think
maybe he's still upset about that I don't
know the truth I It's that since I don't give a damn about
anything fit I invited him right away
because I found him interesting
eh but I don't
know let's see dasas it's not that it's not that I did
n't want to invite him I Dallas
is just that Dallas is on my channel every moment
no Last night I dreamed about you Don't tell me
Georgina I also dream about you Georgina
every night and what did you dream Georgina
was it good or not Let's see if it was good don't
tell it if it was good don't tell it
because they say that you have to tell
things dreams have to be told so they do
n't come true but if it's bad
tell us
So the thing about Dallas let's see is that
Dallas is here with us right now no I
mean if it's that  just
last week or the week before we had a live show
with Dallas no also no Dallas with
dasas we collaborate every
moment it's not because we didn't invite him maybe we
invited him sometime but no it's not that we have
n't collaborated with him
precisely it's a bit like he was invited
to the podcast no to alne no
eh I don't know the truth I don't
know there are two or three youtubers that I've
thought about Good night
Javi a kiss Noa thank you very much good
night one day you told us that you would
bring us the boy who sings at the beginning
conchi and vino and vino I brought him Look for him
telesalseo Manuel Muoz Look for him I
brought him he's a friend of mine he's a friend of mine from
when we prayed guys shame herpe
could be a good guest too it's
true it's true shame herpe is a very
good guest bea herpe we're going to
invite her it's
[Music]
true But that's how I say youtuber not that it does
n't deal with social
political issues that it's more about salcillo
this or that we should
invite nazare one day it's also true
animal theme in fact aare  I should pay him a
visit because I think I think Nazaret I have to
ask him I have to
ask Fran but I think Nazaret
lives in Badajo we could do
a we could do a little trip no And
also damn Alex lives in Badajo and
we'll go there info blogger info blogger
comes in one go also info blogger I'll
tell him in one
go and Pablo Motos Well marib I invited Pablo
Motos
eh Let's see I hope he doesn't mind me
telling this but I invited him for the
rewind but of course the wink that I asked him for
the wink that I asked him for was
related to his bf not with Broncano
So he didn't want to because he didn't want to talk
more about the subject cala a kiss I don't know I don't know if I do
n't know if Pablo Moto would accept us coming
the truth is I could tell him I have to
tell him David santo but of course
everything you're telling me is political
politics someone like that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that there is that the one that is
coming this
weekend is a singer he is already a singer that
everyone knows eh many
years of career I have  I really want to I
really want to talk to him
come on I spoke to him on the phone today
but you have to level it out a little bit you have to
level it out a little bit like I don't
know I would hit me it's
all politics it's
all politics I was going to tell you a chocaste
a Jordi W an I don't know what but of course it's that
in the end we also talk about
politics
no I don't know the truth I have to I have to be
clear It's that then
these characters from the heart
Eh yes over there you're putting some
famous person who's going to come eh over there over there you
're putting some famous person who's going to
come em
[Music]
what was I going to tell you Ah that characters from the
heart characters from the pink world it's that
Fran I don't know to what extent I would want to bring
someone from the Pink world the truth is the
characters from the Pink world I see them more to
bring them here with
Marina bring Paula by the way you give yourself the
pleasure Yeah
sure man Dolores has given me a super
chami Dolores Thank goodness you have
thrown yourself no Dolores Jer bar r whole for
me Dolores Thank you very much
queen Thank you very much
nothing from the world Rosa I don't
see it  of the world Rosa I don't
see it s auso surely Let's see auso is
friends with Fran auso she doesn't pay that
no avascal is going to come you don't know that I do
n't think she sent you a super chat
but dolores did it by accident or
what Let's see if on top of that I'm going to have to
return the six
bucks I don't know I'll start
thinking sasel sasel has come to the to the
kids many times too well
many times two or three times he has come
I don't get along badly with sasel it's not that
we talk at all but we have
a cordiality we follow each other and we have
collaborated several
times I don't know the truth Look this weekend of m
this weekend of I want to go to the beach with the
boy to see if I can find something
cheap and and since it's already nice and such I
want I want to go to the beach then I'll
edit myself a bit I'm going to leave the
maximum work done between now and Friday
Antonio Rossi I would love to bring it
Clara and I asked him a while ago I
told him because he follows me and he talks to me he
talks to me by md and I told him but I had an
incompatibility with something At that
moment I don't remember what it was then  I'm
going to
ask her again Pilar aire It's that I don't like
Carolina that much let's see, you would
interview her eh but I don't really
agree with her things
eh man Raquel I would gladly bring Itana
If I had the opportunity
but I don't think it's
known I don't know I don't have How to
contact him says Arima to Bascal Dani
vacates Vito kile nobody would say what
foot Arima is catching on nor that I hide nor that I
hide I also tell you but
well Roberto vaquero also came eh
this weekend it was Roberto vaquero that that he
is a communist no and I don't care I don't care I
have one of the is
a girl that I am contacting to
come
and let's go it's Progress she is a friend of Irene
Montero I'm not going to tell you who it is but let's
go and I think that she will come I think that she will
come from the left Yes there are guests eh
Well yes Carolina that one also
comes to see the lailo Roberto vaquero is a
communist He
doesn't say he
no ru it would be very ideal you have
thought about it ruffian would be
ideal Yes because
and from the left So that  come so be
cool I think ruffian
I think I think that one is cool I think that one
is
fun there are many on the left that we
could invite eh There are many and I'm
going to invite them Come on, I mean, realize
that God willing we will have many,
many, many, many episodes
of the podcast no
the FAO the FAO would not
accept me continue the caps
unleashed well let's see I don't know if unleashed
as such would be the
word in the vast universe of YouTube
where creativity and talent are usually the
what the [ __ ] is this ard of
trolaso there are cases that defy all
logic today we will talk about a Whose
channel is this
joee who with more than 670,000 subscribers
thinks he is the lord and master of the platform
who sent this to me who
sent it to me calls himself a visionary a
begoa jpe is very humble and I'm sure he will
accept you Yes man begoa, surely yes
begoa has already been eh on my channel and yoer
de I
was on hers this month Come on, I
was on vegoa's Channel I was
this month and I have videos with her from a
while ago Begoa had invited her right
away Yes yes yes 100% eh I
invited her understood a fighter against
injustice but her numbers say Something
else her views are
mediocre at best and at worst
well let's just say that not even her own ego can
inflate them
but of course when reality hits there are
two options accept how about Lili says that she's
plagiarized the
format But how the [ __ ] did
Lili get fed up But oh well but oh well Lili come on
Lili what if I what if I have to
complain about them copying
formats that that's a sign that that's a sign that
you have good ideas No now you
have to take it as praise says trufa
how do you become a family member help
trufa today It should be members day
eh today It should be
members day I already know Eric that this Monster
is with sugar it's already guilty this one
guilty
because it's the one that was there and today's
tomorrow is with sugar what I have to do
is leave it neither sugar nor
sugar free maybe the content is not as
interesting as one  I think the easiest option is to play
the victim and this guy has chosen the
second one there is not a week that goes by that he doesn't make
a drama out of himself claiming to be the victim of
a conspiracy the vill well of a
conspiracy he doesn't always blame
me no man I just got out of the
shower and I'm like half a sketch
eh half half a sketch eh I'm here as
if I had smoked a huge joint
you know and And the thing is that I have a job well I have a job
so I want to go to the
salseria later and I have to record videos
for the main one too before going to
sleep today I have to be here until 5 in
the morning eh
yaos everyone critics are
collaborators viewers who
dare to say that His content is
boring a level of paranoia that not even in
the best
conspiracy novels And if you thought that was it, get
ready because the
arrogance of this character knows no
bounds he is capable of calling
anyone who dares to contradict him ignorant
while he himself demonstrates an
absolute lack of knowledge of general culture for
example he claimed that Don Quixote was
written by an author with a
pseudonym then  to the
general disbelief he backtracked and said that he was actually
referring to Lazarillo de Tormes but when he
saw that he wasn't sure either he began to
doubt his own
statement yes friends This is the level don't
you believe it go ahead video
Ah that's what he's going to tell you I say but he's going to
show you videos of him because he throws it at you jor
Javier who doesn't need to
have a proper name that he can
work with pseudonyms like
books have been made all his life Don Quixote for
example was made with a
pseudonym Don Quixote was made with
my mother my mother of my life
eh it's
tremendous host this is a good idea to
put the clips of him
no this is a good idea Cervantes' Quixotes
but it wasn't made with a
pseudonym look look at the teeth he
put in but he can't complain about this
eh I don't remember right now and it
was Lazarillo de Tormes the one that was
with a pseudonym I don't remember right now let's
see me the language and all this
This has been a long time since I last reviewed it
for your information Don  Don Quixote
was written by Miguel de Cervantes and
as for Lazarillo de Tormes it is an
anonymous work not written under a
pseudonym but well this guy seems not to
be very familiar with the
difference and of course
his eternal excuse could not be missing in the face of any
criticism according to him anyone who dares to
point out his mistakes or question his
content does so because his master
referring to another YouTube every Spaniard
Hey hey how handsome I came out have
a kiss Magda How are we Thank you very much thank you very much Thank you
very much
Yes yes eh I mean
eh he thinks that everything I mean look at you they
are already against him he avoids it
Dynamite the people who can't stand me eh
people who can't stand me and And yet and he's
saying that there are conspiracies
against him
what the hell if I don't even meet you man I mean I
'm finding out about your things these days
again because of Amador with
Antonio David and because of and because of the one who was going out
with Sor Cotilla today we should have
done Corrillo eh he
orders it he can't conceive that someone
criticizes him by his own decision not everything is
because  envy and conspiracies against him
I am very envious of him a
story as ridiculous as it is
convenient what he wants publicity is
that they are really dead they are
dead or you hire a famous person
Oh
really Spaniard this is what he said eh But these
are the typical lexosi It would be very good
lexosi It's true a kiss lolilo beautiful
thank you very much
eh These are the typical things that he
releases every day in his live about me
and that we do not even notice I mean from
time to time I find a click they
send me a click but look at what he
is saying I mean this this click
will surely be from one day that he has
had some problem with someone and
as always he blames me okay like
I need to tell four things to
send someone who is really I mean it's
so absurd every time I hear that
nonsense that I command this one that
I command the other if I were in charge
if I controlled what
the other creators or twitterers can say or I do
n't know what there would be more than one that I wouldn't
even pay attention to Pay attention to what I'm telling you I mean not even
presence because  we put them on
the map in the end we put them on the map
they are there just reading around
us you know and maybe if I do
n't pay attention he'll give it to someone else or someone
in my community or someone close to me And
then in the end you put it on the map No yes
Yes I would really drive but then it's
also like I need to send
anyone to tell you four things
whenever I want I'll tell you jorio Good
afternoon beautiful ladies except for this
bige gentleman I leave all the kids
waiting Javier I forgot today we will go today we will
go today we will go see some things at the
kids' club
today we will go
okay
Thank you so much over there s Gossip gave us a gave
us a little gift a little gift
Thank you very much zor Gossip
beautiful or a journalist with a
checkbook or they talk about me that only
people have visitors if we hire
a famous person he will say this Because famous people come to my channel,
Fran does not come, the
guests that come and so on that according to
him we pay them that nothing would happen
if he pays for the interviews, I mean he also
says it as something negative okay not the
interviews and the  collaborations that
we have done until now are not paid, meaning that the
only ones who are paid here are those
who are already part of the team,
obviously, and they do a job, okay,
but that wouldn't be anything
negative either, I mean, of course he's
used to him calling, he's got
someone there all day, there for 3 years, he doesn't
pay him, he doesn't give him anything, he doesn't give him anything, he doesn't
even fill the fridge. So he sees it as something
negative that people pay those who
work and it's
like, well, I don't know, well, people come,
no, and if they work, no, well, they get paid. No, I
mean, this is not monetized,
this is not generating money, but on their
own they're nothing, eh, but it's as if
he didn't take, as if he didn't try to
take the people. This weekend he
was trying to take Antonio
Montero, which is awesome. I mean, almost all the
celebrities tell him that they don't visit that place, you
know, but hey, to
Yahweh, no, he takes her there every
moment to Amador. How many times, how many
times, how long has he had
Amador? Well, well, he has
visitors for him  because people are
interested in him
You know that you have to do this to win
points to keep his master happy and the fact is
that she is already dead in life but the most
despicable thing is not her lack of
self-criticism or her
unhealthy need for
attention no the worst thing is her ability to
cross all moral limits in
order to stay
relevant because when you think he's
hit rock bottom he gets a little more like
when he decided to use the tragedy of a
former collaborator the loss of his daughter
to do harm let's see it I am very bad very
bad Very bad that has been tremendous
eh No if I were bad I had already been
reported a long time ago and out of pity
for life This is the This is the is
the
famous sentences that you can make that neither
justice nor a judge can give her a
sentence of those that she has now that not even
justice in a judge can give her the
sentence even living of what she is
living right now eh the Justice of
heaven is what the Justice of heaven
has fallen on her not because Maybe the
Justice of heaven is what has fallen on
her for being so bad she
everyone has seen the  bad or so this then
Peppa and he each trying to
justify it on the one hand it's not that it's
for hanging out with these people it's not that I was
referring to the audiences to the audience
that has what what what what you know it's like
but if if you're talking about the Justice
of heaven if then the next day you
also reaffirm yourself in the
written statement but not to me where do they have to
How would he like to have on his channel what's around
here Poor man who
believes what Maril says a kiss
gorgeous man until until until I
caught him the way
he was he put up a post every time he invited me to
his channel the great Javi Oliveira you have
to learn from Javi Oliveira now
suddenly people are not interested in me or
Wow what a change
no what a change it's not
tremendous it's tremendous Thank you very much
Marilu it's tremendous it's tremendous
this eh evil that he has in each tooth
when he doesn't show talking the people
who talk showing them in each the
evil that they have each tooth when they
show them teeth that's how it is They are very
dangerous they are very dangerous because
they have an inner rage
or they have  an internal sweet maker by
chance fallen finger taking advantage of
another's pain instrumentalizing the
suffering of a mother for his own
benefit and launching attacks disguised
as opinions only shows how rotten he
is inside Meanwhile his
channel continues conchi a kiss beautiful
thank you very much Hey Thanks to all of you who
are becoming members sillos eh Let's see
if it could be that
recovering from being a family member someone
remembers man Because I know that in the
salsera We have reached 6000 but 6000
is an
outrage but here in telesalseo I
think that We have reached 3000
no I think that 3000 We have reached
clear
stagnant their views They still have not taken
off and their credibility is sinking more and
more what visit
[Music]
has what visits has what visits has
what visits has
6000 visits 6000
some video goes for 10,000 12000 to
ch
my goodness Let's see it's not
bad  oh my god that's bleeding eh eh
[Music] it's
not bad if it were a secondary
or
tertiary channel
you know it wouldn't be bad if it were a
secondary
tertiary channel you know but a main channel is
n't a
kiss a main channel man 15000
20,000 is a video that pisses you off not
minute and a half videos says Pilar
wow so the monetization
there
inx has zero
impact yeah Yeah that's it Thank you very
much thank you to those of you who are
giving away members pas Carmen from October
who have also given away five each
Thank you very much and now surely these days it will have
more eh these days it will surely
have more visits and more viewers in
the live shows because we are talking about
its controversy
and we are going to listen and we are going to
listen to this tweet that
Lidia Lidia Gonzlez uploaded I don't know if you
know her okay she is a very very
naughty girl very naughty she is going to stir things up she is
raising blisters here and there no
and and well let's see if let's see what
Ana cotillas had to say again from
this channel in view of the
events she supports herself  totally the
role as mother of Mrs. Sister
Cotilla of course and without any
doubt she will have done the best she
knew how to do her role as a mother and no one is worthy of
saying that she has left
a person in this case her daughter in eh
handles Let's see
if it were true and public they are people
who talk about their lives If we can talk
the issue is that the issue is that it is not
public coming from the truth it will be
well I tell you not like when she said that
thing about me wanting to send him to the
supermarket and then it was part of that you
are also making him hurt you
are not saying it with the intention of
criticism you are saying it because you
are blaming him for the daughter
dying and all that stuff I mean it is a
lifelong gossip from the neighborhood it is a
gossip a disgusting and vomitous gossip
because this man's heart fell at his feet I mean
she may have said a thousand things
about her daughter but I insist again
that the problems of a house You have to
live them and you have to be inside
eh whoever it is let's go and you have to know
eh what they are  those
people passing by But his heart sinks
and he doesn't tell anyone he tells anyone
this about this lady well he
's calling her a mother who
neglects her person no and I'm not going to
talk about it because it's such a serious and
delicate matter the gentleman says that is to say he's telling
the public that there has been abandonment by
a lady to a person
who has taken charge of this problem
that's what he calls this situation has left
a problem in Asturias he's going to Barcelona
or Catalonia and other people have
taken charge of this problem with their
little problems but I'm not going to talk about it
because it's a serious and
delicate matter Well if he does talk I don't know
what else you can say son eh
sincerely sincerely I think that
anyway I don't know I don't know What bothers me the most
about you and I will always say it is that
you act like a little meek and you are you are but
that cinnamon stick what they usually
say cinnamon stick save me from calm
waters and from rough waters the book
I Molina said eh I'm going to say it I said like I'm
just her side like  that I'm
talking about the death of his family member
that at no time did I say that but
if I say it again At no time did I say that at
no time did I say that take it
wrong I apologize if I have spoken wrong
and it has been understood as if it has been
misinterpreted I apologize I mean the
burden of the burden of responsibility
against the people for having misunderstood it
eh [ __ ] I apologize but it
really is not normal it is not normal what I have to be
putting up with [ __ ] what apologies
Titi eh Hi Antonia what Excuse me
some good ones [ __ ] me no no excuse me
excuse me for calling it something
excuse me for calling it something I mean you
're blaming people
for having misunderstood it come on I've
cried and everything with your apologies eh if I have been
understood like an ass no boy
divine justice has given you what it has
given you eh And then you tell the pppa
Beltrn in a message that it is for the
audience for the audience data that I
have to laugh you that I have to
laugh eh that's when I have to laugh there's
another one  thing I forgot thanks to that
hashtag I've gathered all the strength in the
world because it's seeing that the first day
is a little bit screwed because the subject was
delicate and I didn't want to deal with it and I against
my morals and against but that it has gathered
a lot of strength thanks to the hashtag beautiful
Lina but seeing this montage
ru How is it that you haven't dealt with it if when you
leave you have already communicated about
divine justice let's see how you didn't
want to enter ridiculous let's see let's
go by the times the times are
very important Juan Jos what are
you telling the public now that you did
n't want to enter because your
principles and your values and your Mor and almost
your religion prohibited you when
the hashtag comes up it's for a reason it's because you
said the night before that
divine justice has given
this lady what she deserves the Justice of heaven Okay
then don't lie [ __ ] Don't lie it's
Ah of course I didn't want to I didn't want to
deal with the subject at first because it was a
delicate subject I mean what the [ __ ] eh I didn't
want to deal with the subject because it was a
delicate subject but yes yes you started the delicate subject by
putting
divine justice on the
table what  balls dude makes fun of
people to their face eh big liar dude eh
I don't think I understand how your
community doesn't tell you Hey stop
learning like that with your face we follow you because we
find you funny Because you're very handsome
because you tell things very well because
we love Amador but don't take us for a
ride flat eh of course moral principles what
morals what principles in peace we don't
mess with anyone this is said by a
lady dude so you can see there's
always someone for everyone eh There are
people who support what he said
eh He didn't say divine justice said the
Justice of heaven more shameless man s
haba Justice of heaven is
even more shameless than divine justice but so
you can see eh there's always someone for
everyone
eh Javi you're very relaxed today no yes yes
Pilar I'm like I had
a joint the truth is I took
the joints from me my dog from Tyrion and and I
don't know the truth I have stayed I have come out
of the shower like this the truth A  see if the
monster rips me off because as I told you I still have
a night ahead of me with a lot of
work
today he calls we don't mess with anyone
us the alafas delicate subjects
of course he doesn't like to hear that he's
done it Yes Yes exactly exactly gily
says gily now it turns out that the worst
sentence that can be had in this life
is to have a low audience let's see what for
him what for him with how obsessed he
is with that he will perform badly Good night
already but these but come on if you're
telling me that he has 2000 viewers today I
don't know what he'll do We haven't raised him a
little there the issue censorship is censorship
75 X accounts that by the way this is not
in the video but I'm telling you
in advance those 75 accounts are going to have to
give him 100 to put up their video Eh he's already
done the math And if someone
wants Hey family well you make some
money there eh Hey well you make some
money there eh I mean if each account that you
put a strike on you charge 100 I'll make a
fortune because trust you all the
channels that there are all  the days of videos
about me Hey 100 farts each
100 farts each and stop
eh 100 pavillo each and stop let's
see what that annoying wale wants who's already
threatening me And you're not going to
sue and you're not going to file a complaint and
if it goes through a complaint you open your
own folder And why do you think he did
that
okay [ __ ] but now I see it now I
see it in the kids but you can't
put the watermark that looks
more like ours ask places
How how is the
formatting I have them Working for free I
have them Working for free and I demand them you
know Javi I already saw in the kids that you
were talking about doing a project with Borja
and your followers with [ __ ] dogs Lina that
's our chance
that's our chance to get to know each other
Eh Well let's
see, I think the video has
worked very well I think the video
has worked very well for not being a
topic of not being a topic
eh viral Okay, normally
youtubers have views depending on
the topic  that we're playing, no. I mean,
for example, when I drink when I play a
topic that isn't current news, I
don't have the same views as when it's
viral news, but not me. Let's see, let's see,
Carmen, aren't you ashamed to take the
treats from the dog, crying with laughter, face crying with laughter,
face crying with laughter, we
all have needs, we all have
needs, Carmen, but as I'm telling you,
120,000 views, a video there that's been worked on, that it
was a worked on project, right? And it's
not a viral topic, but rather it's a topic of
mine, it's an interview of mine, I think it's
pretty good. Also, it's a
video that's never going to die, let's see, in all
honesty, to have 120,000
views, it hasn't been monetized, eh, like they
normally monetize 120,000 views, and I have
n't recovered what I invested in that
video, okay, because that video costs
money, there's a cameraman there with some material, with
a salary, there's a montage, there's a
miniature, eh, and there's
gas, well, no, honestly, in all
honesty, the other day, eh, the other day
a subscriber sent me a visa, I didn't
remember.  He sent a visa when I uploaded
the video and he said, here's the gas. So
yeah, the video, it's not that it was
profitable for me, but I recovered what I
invested, it was luck. Well, the
truth is, I thought I was going to lose it. It was
excellent work, Javi. The truth is that it
was worth it. Man, we've helped Borja a lot,
from what he's telling me,
from what he's telling me, he
gave him a push, a push to his
move, I mean, he says that we
saved him, he says that we saved him. So yeah, I would
n't rule out doing something
else with Lina there, that we do
something and he trains dogs or does something like that,
you know, and all of you who have dogs, we'll
see each other there, and such a blow,
Juango is talking to me, wait and see what happens,
everyone is talking to me now, eh.
Ah, it's to give me
something against, against, to notify that, by the
way, he has given the details of one of them,
eh, now we're going to listen to him, he has given
private details of an account. That can't be
done, Juan Jos, no matter how Juan Jos
you are. And tell them, eh, We have to give him 100
bucks.  100 bucks each 75 for we're
talking about I'm going to do the math
quickly today it's 7500 No wait wait
wait but even if it's not the
same source at least positionally as
similar as possible and so a little
transparent finally because if it doesn't happen
much it clashes
a lot and now when I do it I'm going to
tell him that I don't like the
color
mu you have to put a strike when they make
mistakes come on, I'm freaking out
because of course it's what I'm telling you, I mean
here the colleague is that you guys maybe
in the
gentlemen with the content of
youtubers not criticizing youtubers
to each other and so on
Noa I have channels that are dedicated
every day I mean trust yourself
Okay This is the FJ no This look this one
has the thumbnail I don't know if what I put
in the video will be mine or not okay look
Borja caponi is mentioning us over there
then this is every day
This is his only theme is Jai you see it
look there in small
okay Okay this Roberto wants the
interview this is mine This is me Javi
oliveira is put  whitewashing Dallas
a day ago I mean you know what the [ __ ] this is I
have no [ __ ] idea what I said
about dlas now look I mean you
see it every day every day I'm not going to
trash anyone because I don't like
what they're saying about me that's
not the reason for the
tool I mean the tool to
put trke is for copyright I mean it's in case
someone takes your videos and
uploads them no Pilar I'm not saying
you're stupid but it's true that
here the la gentlemen adore This
okay It doesn't say click it's reading my
Twitter okay But come on this stalker
has the channel about me and every day
talking about me
okay Thank you very much juango A big kiss
man Good night Thank you very much
man
and I can't give him a strike Look at
another one you see it Ja the lawyer is going to be attracted to me I
mean I can't give
people a strike because because they talk
about me I mean the tool It's a
copyright tool Also you
have the tool and you put it a
tool to take down videos for
copyright I mean copyright means
that you're stealing a video  because
Someone has violated your copyright
my copyright would be that they take
imagine the thumbnails and steal them
or that they take for example some content that
I have for a member and
they publish it okay
eh or that they take my live streams and
upload them okay perfect yes there if you
throw away videos because of copyright But because they
criticize you not the tool It's because of
copyright no because it burns me or rather that can't
be that's why it doesn't work like that that's why
he's not going to sue
anyone he's not going to sue anyone if you
have videos that chira app peel it off do
n't scare you I contain your data I
don't know what he only does to put it to scare you
no no no he's not going to sue
anyone because he knows that's not
how it is dem
month what's happening to you and now everyone is
deprived of queer people moment
been gz
Lidia Lidia just gave the name of
one of the users who has made a
counter notification in x eh skipping
all the privacy terms of that
person Hey do you remember  now that you're
mentioning cap to Lidia Gonzlez do you
remember
when Marta rco mentioned Evita
Dinamita and the cap came out super
indignant, no seede, you can't mention
an anonymous person I mean, you trust yourself You
the balls of him eh you can give there
the name of the people who are
appealing the strikes the first and
last name but you can't put Lili
in a thumbnail leli no leli the
that lawyer well she's not a lawyer
her collaborator yes you can
put that one the that one you can't put in the
thumbnail man
Man eh
[Music]
a little bit let's say a little bit heavy no
a little bit heavy this gentleman jumping to
the Torera what he reports of course
we don't care what that user's name is
dear Juan Jos because it's a
veiled threat as if I don't have your data Look
there is Lidia look how naughty
talking about this subject on networks because it
makes me laugh a lot Because if she's
slandering me for talking to her about the subject
and yet Lidia is this
Gonzlez
who is a person Lidia Gonzlez Who
is speaking  of everyday YouTube okay And
that he gave the other side a lot of wax
Because he did a lot of stupid things ent he gives them
wax on all
topics Lidia Gonzlez gives the other
side a wax is involved in lawsuits I mean I know
that you talk to f that you can talk
to whoever you want Ah f f f shut up I
was thinking that I was talking to
Lili still
fay fay it was an account that in the past I
no longer have cordiality with her I
've said it many times in the past it
was a harassment account for me full
just me and Dalas insults and I don't know what Cos
fea said very
[Music]
ugly things it's not an account I mean it was an
account like the brat's and that's what happens is that the
girl is dedicating herself the girl to gossip about
YouTuber clicking and
so on she's less into hate I
think or at least that's what I think
okay you take Juanjo and you go to an
account that was dedicated to fun arm yourself all
[ __ ] day to tell him things so that he
puts things about me and apart from lies and
apart from lies okay And also  you talk
to more of those accounts no I'm not going to
tell you which ones but come on you talk to a
few that I've heard there are
some that pay attention to you and others
that don't and there are some that you start writing to and
writing to and they do
n't and they don't answer you know but he
starts talking to those accounts you know I
mean you Imagine if a
conversation of mine came up where I'm or rather
he considers
and and don't see how much he cried because he
considers that the lists the ranking that
Joe Hunter made
em Joe can I tell the truth about the
ranking you're out there I can tell you the
truth about The farewell of the
ranking It's that I don't know if Joe is
here
today I mean the guy said that it's that I
that the ranking Of course he never came
first in visits and in
viewers you remember Joe's ranking
no that it was like the tub because I
because he was an employee of mine and and he lied
and falsified the statistics because he didn't
put that he was the
first you
know he's writing to me wale
a threat And that's not going to sue and no
V okay okay That  yes I like it more That's
better the thing is I don't like the
color You can change the
color what a bounce he got Well now
why isn't he here if I didn't I would
tell you because he stopped doing
the statistics okay It wasn't my fault
directly but
Look it's over there it's over there Say what
you want he tells me well I told Joe
that there were some people or rather I
asked
Joe not to put me in the
ranking Not for nothing It's not for nothing but
because in the end it's something that my
followers retweet that my community
retweets okay look Javi the first the
second or whatever and in the end it's
something that my followers
retweet and it's not a ranking like
TV top in it all the youtubers appear the
well-known streamers appear the well-known ones okay but
in Joe's ranking appear those who
are in our environment So I
asked him not to go out, look, that's what I
asked him, I said dude don't put me in
more because in the end I don't like him it's
something that I retweet my followers
retweet I don't know that my community puts it  there
in the group no also in my
WhatsApp group too and in the end I'm putting
myself on the map there are people that I don't want that I do
n't want to give life to exist
you know And then Joe told me well if
you're not there it doesn't make sense
If you're not there no I don't do the
ranking you know That was the reason why he
stopped doing the ranking Well
according to him I was talking to Joe so
that he would finish second or
third you know
what I told Joe if you do it again
if you feel like doing it again but with
youtubers that have met not people from you
know With all due respect to the world
Everyone has what they have but there are
some that don't 200 viewers 300
viewers you understand If you feel like
doing it again with youtubers that they
know each other then yes there I'll share it with you
and I'll put it on our page if you
want Well then Juanjo got
super offended that I had a
conspiracy and that the Indian look at you the
Indian that the Indian is a guy with hair on his
balls older than Methuselah that
I'll send him to  Indian saying things about
Juano you know that I have never told the
Indian that he believed it okay it
was a joke it was a joke [ __ ] we
are laughing at you on telesalseo
And now it turns out that he is talking
to all these bad accounts eh
sending them things so that they tell things
about
me Come on man and besides man what
nerve for him to talk on your behalf you don't
have the balls to put things and you
send him you don't send him you talk to other
people to tell them you have free life
to put what you consider no no no no
an Gossip if you are watching me he
sends it to her or rather anfy to put something
about me she doesn't need
this guy to come to her and say you have free rein or I give you
permission no no no no that nfy is not a
lie that he made up no it doesn't come from her
because it is not something that she
knew That lie is made up by him eh I
mean a squire or squire or squire it
depends Eh This is tremendous this is
for Hello babies How are you this Chela the
thing about nafay is  chela and all the
tools at my disposal I'm
going to use of course but these
people who are sending dozens of
people to attack him, I mean we
are sending people to attack him,
eh what the hell eh, I mean he starts
contacting those accounts to
harass me, not hundreds of people is that they
made a hashtag that has had 3000
tweets this weekend saying you are
a miserable person that has been trending in
Spain and they have taken advantage of that
video to turn people against me if it
was malicious on my part I would
say it was malicious they have turned it around
but man when you
say with your words with your little
Pin mouth eh what you say what I mean what to
turn it around that you said it
had nothing at all to
do with the hashtag that they made me had I had
people did it because he
started to throw the tweet And then it became a
trend because people started to Pin Pin
Pin Pin You
know so no way so no way
your words are not manipulated
just like you said in that live  has been
published has been published and you have been
dedicating yourself to throwing accounts and accounts and
accounts and accounts and accounts and you are
having the opposite effect which is that
everyone finds out eh about what you have
said to this lady that she
deserved what had happened to her with the
Justice of heaven the justice of God
eh my mam of beautiful love the
Apocalypse eh Oh my God besides you are
trending because you are the best guy
Because if it weren't you I would give an account of the
hashtag but since you are the greatest and
you are number one in Soria eh and
surrounding areas then that's it damn eh Hi
looks eh to put people
against me you earn it by force that you put
people against you there is no need for
anyone to use a hashtag eh Maybe 100 are
empty of course or 2 1990 don't [ __ ] with you eh and they
are accounts I laugh in your
face it has become a trend because it is
a lie Well then
laugh throwing accounts of you don't laugh
so much you don't laugh so much you don't find it that funny
censor of your
balls denounce Lu denun can't  put
anonymous person or lel complaint that
you can not put an anonymous person let's
see one thing in this of lel anonymous or
not Juan Jos Juan Jos you put the face
of that lady many times in your
thumbnails Juan Jos do not tell us
scary movies of agreement we have not
talked about anything but the session I
tell you now the obsession of silla and the
pelot the pelot What is it or rather it says the
obsession of sorco tilla and the pelot
Who is the
pelot the pelot such Javier This goes for you
for me the pelot such and the hair what the
hair has hair and you don't or rather what is the
hair such the hair what the hair I have do you see it
as something strange to have hair the pelot such and such
calls me now also dier that
Francisco does not enter Hey Francisco does not
enter Mr. Francisco does not enter your
channel he has decided to stay with Antonio
David Sure sure think a little with
who the people stay in the end go on
that he stays in front with
him sorrows that with you Well imagine nobody stays
with
him nobody stays with him well in this
we have a problem we have a
problem How are you today today  you guys are a
little more subdued than yesterday eh
are you tired with yesterday's live stream have you not
seen it in full or anything yet
I'm not making content so there are
extracts to upload while
I'm at the beach at the weekend eh
because then I won't be so so so
disconnected I'm going to try to disconnect from
the beach lying down but then I'll be on my
cell phone or I'll upload a video with my
cell phone be careful eh be careful eh with
the videos on the beach the devil loads them
later eh he won't see what a mess
the last time I recorded a video on the
beach pay
attention to this thing okay story that you
have seen of a guy getting into
a fight on YouTube with this from yesterday
okay a lady basically telling him I'm glad
your daughter died I
mean you have the Justice from heaven not the
condemnation that heaven has given you well
for Peppa this would be Sister
Gossip I mean no the other one this would be Sister
Gossip for Peppa
okay pay attention to the defense that the pppa made
eh totally sure and if juanju at
some point yes yes yes  this comes to him that you
want to rectify that he rectify me I
am totally Sure that he did not
mean because it is not his profile no no it is not
his profile that goes to his
girlfriend but to her in itself this story
that you have seen that is not the profile of
Juan H doing these things and these types of
comments okay Peppa Here it was
Look This was when the love thing romeira
who is your friend Do you remember what she said
that it offended you a lot what she said do you
remember what Juano said about love
that love he had to send him a
statement saying
that he would delete it quickly or he would eliminate it or he would
eliminate it Or he would report it what's going on
marinilla okay daughter you tell me
my sister
exactly says
Marina says Marina be careful with
valuing telesalseo and the celebrities that
come here
because because in fact
half the press has passed through here the heart has already come
here the main channel has
passed through here you know well apologize because he
messed up This is what you said
Peppa about Juanjo when the love thing
romeira apologizes because he
messed up not because he is sorry we all
know it now Ah  There you knew him Peppa
There you knew him Yes yes Juan Ju has already crossed
the red line a while ago this is a
TT of yours Peppa a TT of yours So the
profile gives the profile or it doesn't give the profile
Peppa it depends No if we have to
approach Javi Oliveira to collaborate
in the Corrillo Ay Ah there Juan was very
bad now since we don't have Javi
Oliveira or anyone from the environment there I already
adapt to whatever Answer
this Peppa that this one is looking for you
not me the rest one thing a fool a
fool
of an enemy of mine I mean fate you that
the pppa goes to the space of RAE of leguma
of all the harassers of the whole
association against
Javi an enemy of mine who a friend that an the
friend does not stop telling his
community He does not stop telling his
community that me
that I went to look for you and that's why you that I went to look for you
and that's why you came to
me to my direct and that's why you came to
my direct Thank you peace a kiss Oh now
that I do not forget the peace that I have
an important message  for the people of
Valencia, let's see RAE, there's a stupid
enemy of mine who used to be a friend Who doesn't
stop telling his community that I was
chasing you so you would come to me, to me, to
my channel Ah, I wouldn't have minded going to
find you at the end of the world Oh of course
not, whatever it takes for your bones I die
but it wasn't like that it was you came in here one day on live
and we already made this
kind of
m cordial friendship cordial friendship
okay is that like that or not totally false I
arrived alone he arrived alone to space But anyway let's
go because This is for me when have I
told you when have I told
you that this lady was chasing
RAE to come into her channel and
you have cordial friendship that not only that they
give friendship eye I think there's more but not
for the side that you think not very well well
let's put it
here there so they take the screenshot let's
see ar Troya take the screenshot that
fool
okay very good let's put it here there
so they take the screenshot let's see r
trya take the screenshot that fool let's see let's
see
silly okay idiot I'll take the
screenshot I have to say
totally false what what you're
saying is totally false What
is true silly silly I go to the
Juan Joblo chain and it
comes aok no to m a d they have to asok eh
Lili is yours You can do what you
want the cli issue is the
problem there the cli issue is the
problem
there for my chill I'm not going to be
behind eh I talk to you with Elton and you
come behind And he's there peak shovel peak
shovel peak shovel peak shovel see how you
put [ __ ] apart from putting [ __ ]
that's also true eh you go to another
place in a pass we haven't heard
talk about man he did a man he
did a ra to me the FJ What's up What's up
FJ What's up my boy thank you very much
Hey a kiss to all of you who come over
there by the FJ No what were you already over
there criticizing people not what I
sent you you weren't you were criticizing those
that I sent you or it doesn't
happen when you're already in the chat
hanging out the  threads if we already know you there is
no channel where there can be something like that
you don't try to get involved you and your
son because we are watching it now it's
Rael's turn but on top of that Rael will
soon discover that I left man
Noa Thank you very much sweetheart Thank you very much
gorgeous she left AAs and left Javi and got
hooked on Peppa who is even worse than
the other two together watch out
As he said wait it's that they are
mixing things up here lores
uncle Gustavo talk to Fran so that he
welcomes some of these into the sanctuary
Yes in the reptili ario in the reptili ario you are
right indiscreet television they are
feeding the cap for talking about him let's
see I am of the
philosophy well the fact is that here we have
not been together for two days and many
times we talk about
Random people I am of the philosophy
of not going around with that nonsense of Oh I am
not going to mention this one because he has
few followers And then if I talk about him I
feed him and And I give him
viewers I am I am not of that
philosophy because in the end you deprive yourself
of content I am of the philosophy  that I don't care
if I have to make a
video of a Random or a live of a
Random if it entertains us and that for the people
because I think it depends on the
news of the heart that I do, are you
more interested or not? I mean, I mean, I think that
yes, we can comment a little on
what Anabel said now I'm going to
connect you with Anabel Pantoja when I
feel like it, oh in a while the other thing, I don't
know what But in the end you guys like it
here The salsa, the chimor reillo no and
many times these geeks, these
characters Although they themselves don't
have a large audience, Juanjo ard de
Troya, Loli, these people, you do
like these because they create
good gossip, many times
the gossip of these people is better than that of
TV or reality shows, okay, even if they
are unknown and apart from that, they are exclusive to
us, they are exclusive to
us because we are the ones with the largest
audience commenting on this topic, let's
say no,
and that gives them a bit of an audience,
well, okay, but the moment we
stop talking about it, they stop, eh, I
mean,  Pepa was with 100
viewers until we
talked about her again you know
Then I see that I see a very
poor mind Not to mention And this and that I
see a very poor mind Aha you're
not going to pay attention to any
fool who comes out super shameless who
is doing it so that you mention it and
answer him you understand there are many
people who make videos of me that notice it is
very shameless that it is to
reappear on the map you understand
Then it's going to close directly
Javi gives him an audience let's see let's see
wait Let him watch it
totally right now We are equal
the moment it happens to him already Close
it pay attention to that Who has been Who has
been monce t pay attention to that you
will see How is it like that well let me
listen to this let's see still that the other
two together
eye and hooked
Peppa left Dalas and left Javi and
hooked Peppa because we are
seeing it now it's raed's turn but on
top of that now it's raed's turn re
Soon he will discover that he left
Dallas Ah okay friendship  refers to
friendship left Dallas and left Javi and
hooked up with Peppa who is worse left
Dallas and left Javi and hooked up with
Peppa even though the two of them together
watch out Peppa is worse than the other
two together eh silly that is not
true either Well when he gets to know you a
little more he will
regret it he will meet the
lady who goes everywhere and
never goes with
interest I have already echo No I already
answered you are happy Well I hope
Raed figures it out soon and
leaves you you are wrong it seems to me
that he is
with more with him eh I must have it wrong
no
Ah okay well he is going to close he is going to
close he is going to close he is going to close you are
going to see it back like time I do
not need to go looking for
anyone there is
no need to look for anyone she is
always behind everyone that is what I would like that
she if on top of that it is to defend what she does no
no but on top of that the defi
look how that is not done Olga that is what is
done when she has defended him from  that's not
Hey, if I put It's not as easy to
prove as it is easy to prove the
role of The donation I say and exactly
when
finally counted er
ra to ra is going to care about the
240 ra for ra the 240 p of you what we're
going RAE doesn't mess around with those little things
RAE is more
than ra more than 240
240,000
RAE ra is going to tell him about the 240 and the
other one is going to say that [ __ ] [ __ ] is and what
did you run to return it
[Laughs]
f f de la Ray with that
pain
Oh Sara we should have done
Corrillo today but it's that I didn't remember
daughter It's that I didn't remember it's that I didn't remember I don't believe
it Mara I
don't believe it you're kidding me already cut it
short you're not telling me as a joke [ __ ] joke [ __ ] joke [ __ ] joke [ __ ]
joke no no no no no no no no no you
have trolled me you have trolled me
account or that's what you have taken
lately that I echoed
this tet of Jo Hunter  of the 250 Hello
Valentina Garcia that's what you
got well my gosh it's a shame with
all the Super chats they made you out of
240 that I lost 10 in each one of them let's
see how you explain to your newly
met friend that friendship that you are
making now how do you explain to him that as of
today you have not taken out the little paper
that you promised so much that then
finally you said I won't take it out because I don't feel like it
but the thing is that the
randomness is assuming that you
tell that to the raay and the ra gets offended it's
tremendous I mean it's tremendous eh
Maybe he shows it to her and then
explains how you tried to knock down a
friendship from behind by spreading [ __ ] that
almost managed to break the friendship go
explain all that to your new friend
met that cordial friendship of course Hello
Susana r I wouldn't feed those
people no but you have to answer them from
time to time because as she doesn't take a
step look at her to confront
Javier Oliveira to confront
anyone always not involved through
any of us  that's true what he
's saying that about everything It's true when we
were LoL he put us in the
middle when we didn't have us he put the
son in now he's putting re against
me he always grabs someone he puts them
as a parapet so that the host is
taken by someone else and she takes the 240 240
240 that happens to those who carry and bring
Antonio if he told her what he told her he would
explain it to her in his own way he
showed her the paper of
course he told RAE in his own way
saying that it was my lie at
first and now he starts to but come on
this one is taking it for granted as
if RAE
eh if he finds out about Peppa like he
won't know you know but this one is
taking it for granted that r is going to be offended
by 240 V you with what he has done in
cryptocurrencies the Flower ridiculous and
the blonde from Argentina also a little
ridiculous on top of that silly a silly
enemy of mine who before was a friend No daughter
no I was a friend you have never been friends with
anyone not with Loli or with me or with anyone
You have no more relatives than your
teeth and and
and they are false
simply a friend of
mine was a friend No daughter no I was a friend you have
never been friends with anyone not with Loli not with
me or with anyone You have no more
relatives than your
teeth there are people that we simply
meet in the world of course
unfortunately By the way on Wednesday you already
know that we have with Agus the
first of the season to talk about
very
interesting things but Agus is not RAE's girlfriend
Agus is RAE's girlfriend no RAE's girlfriend is
going to start collaborating with It's that I
this I this I can't do but
family you don't think that I am
Walt Disney or Stan Lee I mean no longer because of no
longer because of the changes and the mustache
but because of it's that In what in what life or I mean
in what life was the pppa going to get together a
failed Big Brother contestant
who on top of that has arrived YouTube and has done
her mischief her 240 her this her the other
with with Agus that Agus is the girlfriend of a
Venezuelan who was a friend of Dallas that they
made a mem Coin that  he messed up the
biggest thing with the cryptocurrency Well, the
girlfriend, I mean, it doesn't make any sense at
all, the unions you know, like if
suddenly she gets together, I do
n't know how to tell you what an example it's like
if suddenly Dara from Big Brother gets together
with the
rock I mean it doesn't make sense
Javi we live in the metaverse of gossip
Yeah but it's like the ones are not they
are unions that I create I mean it ca
n't be more
wonderful they owe me my life eh They owe me my
life
eh it's like if you put det Troya
with Brad Pit maybe if I fight with Brad
Pit it will
happen it doesn't make sense it's the
least logical thing in the world they are communities
that have nothing to do with each
other that are going to be
very
good for all of us Who is Agus I hope it's not
r's girlfriend Pepe shows the clip where Antonio says that well that's what I
say
pelusa
pointed let's see how they end Javi Oy but
that's going to be great if they
fight today let's hear about it by a
miracle but she Let her continue with her
things because she's always looking for war
somewhere you want war take
war  240 which was 250 the 240 which is
250 is 250 with a discount with a discount
lady with them I'm selling the
bar Lili tells me that they are going to do some
spiritual things of course they are going to be some
spiritual things with this that oh it was going to
be a black humor joke
but here between gossip it can't be done
[Laughs] let's
see let's see it was black humor it was
black humor in the youth I'll say it
later I mean but spiritual things Of
course because the girl Agus who
is really cute when she saw the
girl she will think that to talk to her she
needs the
wife that's what must have happened that's why they are going to do spiritual things damn the mummy is how the balls I talk to her because the WhatsApp like that no eh 250 I'll put it for you 240 that someone who doesn't have a move on the gossip channels
well well well
we'll see how this turns out because the ard
of Troy what a provocation they are not
going to clean him up Hey That's good that's good
eh That's good that's good  eh she can she
can take the pppa and start her own
alasanas club And when they go to see her they
clean the
house
no they go and clean the house
eh Hey and and How's it going with the kitchen installation should they
install it now or not yet well of course
already from the geeks a year and a half ago
[Music]
Oh has the kitchen already been changed by the son or is it
not there yet the kitchen hasn't been
cleaned for whatever reason let's see let's see let's
see he didn't clean it
or change the kitchen damn but that's the
son's fault
eh but that's the son's fault eh the pant
Pepa Hey Pilar no Pilar hasn't said anything
neither has our Pilar with how aware she
is of all the
youtubers' stuff and all the gossip she hasn't
said she hasn't said anything about what's
going on you guys I've put here some
things that she thought about Juanjo This
is the opinion that she already has of Juanjo
but now for whatever reason he doesn't
give it worth Juanjo makes unacceptable value judgments
practice what  fight he loves to
cause pity and if he had suffered half
of the harassment from Ade and his family he would be crazy
I stopped following his channel a
long time ago since I lived in China in Asia the
New York of
Asia Juanjo has behaved worse he can't
go around playing Quixote in
other people's cases in his lawyers' office
perhaps and with an order to remain silent he never
justified the harassment and even less so from the one who
suffered it Maica oliveira Very well
thank you Pilar for considering me a victim
of
your your your among others okay I
understand
in I understand I don't know what place it is I tend okay
but
I understand Only new interests it's a
business like t5
Eh well this is what Pilar vera
irun thinks about
Juanjo what happens is that now for whatever reason I do
n't know if his keyboard has run out of
ink eh or something like that
no he doesn't tweet these days with everything
that's going on he doesn't tweet I mean look at
you What look at the conflict that
Antonio David has had these days with with with
Amador and with Juano Well he hasn't
posted anything  Pilar Vera she is more
aware for example of This is worth it she
liked a tweet that said Hahaha
come on miare this year you have to break
the silence a couple more times eh And she liked it
because she the irony
no no no
no Mari Mari Pilar they got mad at
Peppa for writing in Juan
hus's chat So why
[Music]
no why don't they write
anything now Why don't they write I mean
now now they don't get into trouble I don't know I don't
understand why this lady doesn't give her opinion on
what's
going on do you think something's wrong with her so she doesn't give her
opinion on the topic of the
moment or she won't have
found out Yeah man if she had to
find out if she finds out when I'm going to
the evening at the Bernabeu to pick up Fran
well she'll find out so-so because then she
made up that they wouldn't let me in
but I don't know
why this chick won't even be called Pilar
I put in this t the other day okay she says
I won a lawsuit for well sorry sorry
I won a lawsuit for psychological abuse of
my  ex-husband in
1987 with evidence, that is, this woman says
that when I won two, that is, when I
turned 2 years old,
when I turned 2 years old in
87, she won a trial for
psychological abuse and she says, luckily, no, two
years of expert evidence on my daughter and
mine, psychological evaluations, prosecutor's office
and financial reports, evidence, evidence and
evidence, well,
Pilar. Well, the first time that psychological abuse was condemned,
okay, it
was in
2003. You tell me, like 15 years before that,
you won a trial for a crime that
psychological abuse was not yet condemned, but
come on, no way, no way, eh, that, that, it
began to be taken into
account, it began to be taken into account to be
much less, eh. But well, you know that
she,
she was already ahead of the
glass ceilings. Pilar, you have lived in Catalonia
and you will know perfectly well that here in
Catalonia, avias, grandmothers, eh,
affectionately, colloquially, they are
called yayas, eh
precisely, more or less, they are
called  yayas when the child is very
small but when the child already speaks it is
Avia and
Abi And if you go to the north of Catalonia
Mara to Gerona it is Nono and Nona
Eh so Yaya is a
snobby action that was adopted by the rural world and
the towns of the
capitals of the capital lez And it is from the
50s Mara yes yes it is necessary to
tell them it is rather more rather they are
called yayas when the child is very
small but when the child already speaks it is
Abia and
Abi And if you go to the north of Catalonia
Mara to Gerona it is no no and
nona rather more rather they are called
yayas when the child is very small but
when the child already speaks it is Abia and
Abi And if you go to the north of Catalonia
Mara to Gerona it is Nono and
Nona fatal for example that Olga who
has had her life destroyed as she
said that she had destroyed her family
that chain How do you think that Olga
is like the other day when she was am
she was seen there with the potota and And it is that it
would be impossible to be with these people
that they have destroyed my life, I mean, no matter how
much I need the money Pilar, what I
think is that I believe that dignity, even if it doesn't
eat with dignity, it doesn't matter to me, but
man, I think that we have to have a
little dignity if you have published
the four orient, they have destroyed my
family, [ __ ], then you can't be there
and participating with the rabble
that has destroyed your life
That's my That's my thought at
least I don't know, I'm telling you that I can't
imagine Antonio David then with the
ass the idiot I imagine it, I can't
even imagine it Pilar it just doesn't make sense to
me okay Marimar That's your
perception of things Period Pelota,
nobody has to change it for you, but
admit eh that it's not the only way eh that
you are not in the skin of others and
that we have to respect a little eh the
situation of
people,
well, we change Space, we have a couple
of clpm that they sent me about the
Vita Dinamita space, do you want us to
see it or what, I love you and I already have myself
that we go to the salsera
eh do you want us to see it or what are we going to
see it that they said to be careful in
case you have told him some kind of
intimate thing because after today
surely well that he will say everything and you already
know all lies and all lies
but no, I, I keep my privacy very
well protected for me I do not tell my
privacy So how do I not tell it eh let him
take out what he wants now
eh he has said that
eh that one day he would take out conversations
for the same ones that you have Juanito I
have them as Cuqui says if they take it out if
we are at the same table you take out everything there is
and that way we all eat the same thing
Okay then if you have I have and don't
make me take out what I have Juanito
because it would
leave you in a very bad place in a very bad
place No look Juanito how I called him
Cuqui that I find funny that
affectionate man who calls him Cuqui Juanito and
now I leave you
ngeles you have very little
dignity very little
dignity
because the people who have threatened you you
collect them again in your channel again and
again and again  I don't know who he's
referring to and the last few times it's that I do
n't know who he's referring to with threatened
threatened
eh he threatened a person that you
care so much about on your channel
honey that you care so much about
that person who got in you come back and
pick them up on your channel
look I had to rescue a tweet from year
the
polka where a man that you go around
picking them up from time to time to screw
Antonio David
Eh I had to rescue me that a person helped me
a tweet because that man said
that he hadn't said that about me guess
Who did
that man believe and I had to go I had to
go with the evidence and say
Take he said it or he didn't say it he said
yes
good nothing happened I'll pick it up again on
my
channel I let people insult him you kick him out again he
threatens you you
pick it up again
and that's how we are that's how we are so whatever
you have to say say it because I
have things too and maybe they'll leave you in a very
bad place
Juanito and Sor said it today in her
live she said
Sor then be careful with what
you say why are you slipping
yesterday you said because she said
one thing when we were talking in private and
then now she says something else man Of course if you hit me
in the end Juanito one
reacts eh And sees Francisco's I mean you
think it's Francisco that he says
one thing about Francisco in private and in
public or face to face it's another
Uh reality then of course I'm leaving
here he's not right what happens is that you
have a serious problem and I
repeat it again and I told
FJ you are not a person who stops to
think and say No here you are right here I was
wrong you are not sensible and since you
are not sensible and you think you are the king and you
think you are right above
all else then keep stamping your feet eh
in the end it's going to hurt you like
marichu said the other day He shot himself
in the foot and yesterday like I said he
shot himself in the foot come on let him
continue and tomorrow it will be something else and the day after it will be something else and
that's how it goes from putting your foot
in it and how not  He likes to be
exposed to his shame that's why
people gag you, keep quiet Keep being
quiet because we're not going to shut up
Juanito we're not going to shut up
Uh good afternoon good afternoon
more than I want to talk about the anonymous one
INS about the anonymous one the anonymous one who is
a teletabis the one I saw talking
there who is a teletabis anonymous eh The one who
says this complaint Who is a
teletabis because anonymous is not because I've
seen her face And I'm also going to
say something else that is in metamorphosis he
has put on Antonio
David bracelets and Ja Oliveira's arcillo That I'll
see him right now in Turkey for having ugly hair I
mean he's a pig and he
has no two bits of shame for everything he did
last night Uy uy uy that's it Uy how they
put it he can already talk I mean but there's no
one left Then no Uy uy uy
uuu This is the space for the greca eh
that was with him eh
peota Well
damn funny because yesterday in which I have
him again  Listen today in case I had
any paranoia of mine
that you have the indecency after what
you did And we made a
space for Joan Planas for everything that
had happened Joan Planas that you have the
indecency of yesterday mention it in your
live to defend yourself Well of course it is that Joan
Planas now uses it
but the same with Miare is now what with
Miad he applauds her when he knows
perfectly well because he was a follower my fan
and he knows perfectly well of all the pain everything that
those people have done all the
moves
you know He has balls balls
after what you
did and he
invited you to talk about all that He
even invited you to report and
invited you to be a witness and you Yes yes
Johan Plana started to
Juan told me this speaking to me in person he
also told me when we were in
Malaga that Johan Plana had
sent him 18
emails trying to convince him to
file a lawsuit against me that they join together that I do
n't know what Juan turned him off
Joan Plana any person Now
because they have joined Because they are
all joining  because of the hatred towards me and the
obsession with me but Johan Planas
sent super chat to
Juano live, you have that in one of the videos
that I deleted, he sent him
superchat Juano United by the harassment I don't
know what and Juano told him Joan that I wish
you well but Not here here I don't
like what you do either something like that he
told him he sent him to Paseo sea wo he sent him
to
Paseo it happens that later with time
when they began to unite between all
those affected by Javil Beira there still
knowing who Joan Plana was and all
his history and everything he's done And
why was he insulted be it a deaf ear
like they do with Pepa like they do with
this one like they do with the other one he invited to
many things and because of your cowardice you didn't do it
okay you yourself said that you didn't
want to get involved in anything with Joan Planas
because you didn't want to get involved in any
trouble no And because he didn't trust John
Planet because he knows the truth He was a
follower of mine yesterday to defend yourself You from
the harassment  that we have to get into
trials because of harassment on
social networks like Joan Planas Oh There it came in
handy for you Joan Planas before it didn't come in handy for you
Now it does
Then you are very
sneaky you are very sneaky if you think
that what Sor said was wrong about what she
told you about your family about your son and everything
else that she has asked for Excuse me that
honors her more than you Look
okay Why haven't you put her in
court because of course it is better to get 100
bucks from the users of a social network
than to spend all the money on a
lawsuit because a lawsuit costs money
so of course why am I going to spend it no no
Look, Lili is telling me
that today to say goodbye to her live she
said about me this is all orchestrated
I keep little things but I don't have
folders of my life timed from the last
year and a half that is called total obsession
unhealthy needs blood to get a
number no my son I keep everything
but with everyone from
many years ago because I have to go around
with that you know why Juanjo I have
saved come on and I don't  I have everything
saved every time they've
mentioned me I have the majority because of course
every time they send it to me every time
someone sends me something Look what he
said about you look at this plla he
threw at you I do this boom for the folder in one go
Why Because then you come out
lying and I knew that I was going to need it
with you I knew that I was going to
need it there are some with whom I don't save
anything eh There are some with whom I don't
save anything and one day if it comes up and I have to
look then I'll go look
I'll manage with my team but about
you I have the folders saved
that a Lili one day Russell one day I don't know
who one day I don't know how much anyone
everyone look at what he said about you
look at what I don't know how much why Because
I knew that you weren't fulfilling The
pact and I knew that I was look how you ca
n't put For a year and a half
everything I've said I can't because
I was fulfilling The pact and then
I was saving I was saving until I
said it's done in fact That
pathetic live still exists  already sent not
failed that was you made a
total fool of yourself but totally ridiculous what you did And
besides no, not even Peter paid attention to you in
that live It was like a month or so
later when I finally decided Look, I'm going to
upload the gin over
em but I'm going to, I'm going to
save it because I knew that you weren't
breaking the pact and that on top of that you were going
to deny it when I wanted to answer you
So it's broken,
the pact is broken, the pact is over I already said it two or
three months ago I'm going to talk every time
the topics go viral about whatever I want
okay
And and not everything eh Not everything because I already told you I mean I did
n't talk about Olga Moreno when
you fought with her not to talk about
Evita when you fought with her but
I knew that you were going to deny it thinking
that I didn't have it saved Well you
always do that when while I've
had the gin over deleted eh You've
been denying that you got involved with Roco
Flores and all that stuff So I
save everything of course and not only that
but conversations eh I mean I talk
on the phone with the  people and it depends on who it is I
record it and save it That's how it is
Look there is a lie that he said that I have it
recorded because the thing is that I
know him, I know him as a type I mean
if they are characters that I already have
many years of experience you know eh The
guy went on his live shows eh to say
that I threatened to send him
back to the supermarket to leave
YouTube and to go to the supermarket and
that is a translation that he makes to that
one day when he really messed up I was
about to report him because he sent
people to look for things that were about
me you remember these pages
that were about me calling me a pedophile
putting my address my phone number and all that
stuff Well the guy slyly
like him one afternoon in his anger
like he did now with Sor Cotilla he
started saying Put this name on Google You'll
see what you get put on Google You'll see
what you get and then he called me
crying yes but he called me one afternoon
crying yes he had to cry that then
in the end we made the raisins at that
moment  and I told him and it's not that they
criticize me I don't know what he called me crying
but crying and I told him Juanjo we
dedicate ourselves to this churr If
you are not able to handle this and you
are not prepared for
criticism this job has good things
and bad things the bad thing is that you are not
going to like people people are going to have
positive and negative opinions of you if you
are not prepared for this then go
to a normal job you know you're back and
that's it he's that Luckily I have it
recorded eh I have it recorded because he
also lied and the moment he
stopped lying it's better because I have it recorded I
can put it And besides I can put it
I am part of the conversation and I put whatever I want you
understand me I mean the
guy makes things up like that he makes
things up like that and then he
avoids it avoids it what he said about
Vita or people that I have decided not to
enter the Channel anymore but if she is the one
who does not want to enter with you anymore
Suddenly you see that they speak to you with one ear
with hatred with one ear trying to
convince you that I am very bad because I do not  I have listened to him
and I do not include him in the
channel yes yes I think he avoids what
happens to him is that you do not include him in the channel and everyone fights each other fights each other
to
enter with you in the channel Yes I think that is it
I think that is it and the that and
the audiences I think
that family I am going to the salseria for a
while okay tomorrow we have live here
with Marina
[Music]
tomorrow we have live here with
Marina and I am going to try when
the salseria is over to also give it some Caa to a
video of the
main one
okay come over there okay in 5 minutes
I open